c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\bin\Release\payroll-future.exe
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\bin\Release\payroll-future.pdb
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\bin\Release\AutoUpdater.NET.dll
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\bin\Release\DevExpress.BonusSkins.v15.1.dll
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\bin\Release\DevExpress.Data.v15.1.dll
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\bin\Release\DevExpress.Printing.v15.1.Core.dll
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\bin\Release\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.1.Core.dll
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\bin\Release\DevExpress.Utils.v15.1.dll
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\bin\Release\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.1.dll
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\bin\Release\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.1.dll
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\bin\Release\DevExpress.Data.v15.1.xml
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\bin\Release\DevExpress.Printing.v15.1.Core.xml
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\bin\Release\DevExpress.Utils.v15.1.xml
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\bin\Release\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.1.xml
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\bin\Release\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.1.Core.xml
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\bin\Release\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.1.xml
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\bin\Release\de\DevExpress.Data.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\bin\Release\es\DevExpress.Data.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\bin\Release\ja\DevExpress.Data.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\bin\Release\ru\DevExpress.Data.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\bin\Release\de\DevExpress.Printing.v15.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\bin\Release\es\DevExpress.Printing.v15.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\bin\Release\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v15.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\bin\Release\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v15.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\bin\Release\de\DevExpress.Utils.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\bin\Release\es\DevExpress.Utils.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\bin\Release\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\bin\Release\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\bin\Release\de\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\bin\Release\es\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\bin\Release\ja\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\bin\Release\ru\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\bin\Release\de\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\bin\Release\es\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\bin\Release\ja\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\bin\Release\ru\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\bin\Release\de\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\bin\Release\es\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\bin\Release\ja\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\bin\Release\ru\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\obj\Release\payroll_future.Form1.resources
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\obj\Release\payroll_future.Resources.resources
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\obj\Release\payroll-future.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\obj\Release\payroll-future.exe.licenses
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\obj\Release\payroll-future.exe
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\obj\Release\payroll-future.pdb
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\obj\Release\payroll-future.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
