c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\bin\Debug\payroll-future.exe
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\bin\Debug\payroll-future.pdb
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\bin\Debug\DevExpress.BonusSkins.v15.1.dll
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v15.1.dll
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v15.1.Core.dll
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.1.Core.dll
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v15.1.dll
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.1.dll
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.1.dll
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v15.1.xml
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v15.1.Core.xml
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v15.1.xml
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.1.xml
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.1.Core.xml
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.1.xml
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Data.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Data.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Data.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Data.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Printing.v15.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Printing.v15.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v15.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v15.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Utils.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Utils.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraBars.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Sparkline.v15.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v15.1.resources.dll
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\obj\Debug\payroll-future.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\obj\Debug\payroll_future.Resources.resources
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\obj\Debug\payroll-future.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\obj\Debug\payroll-future.exe.licenses
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\obj\Debug\payroll-future.exe
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\obj\Debug\payroll-future.pdb
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\bin\Debug\AutoUpdater.NET.dll
c:\users\charliedearce\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\bin\Debug\payroll-future.exe.config
C:\Users\charliedearce\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\obj\Debug\payroll_future.Main.resources
C:\Users\charliedearce\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\obj\Debug\payroll_future.dbconnect.resources
C:\Users\charliedearce\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\bin\Debug\EncryptS.dll
C:\Users\charliedearce\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\payroll-future\payroll-future\obj\Debug\payroll_future.dbcreds.resources
